libraries/afflib  	UP TO DATE - Version 3.7.4 merged with SBo
libraries/afflib-devel	Work in progress - Build Failure
python/bencode		UP TO DATE - Version 1.0 merged with SBo
python/binplist		UP TO DATE - Version 1.4 merged with SBo
system/bulk_extractor	UP TO DATE - Version 1.5.5 merged with SBo
python/construct	UP TO DATE - Version 2.5.2 merged with SBo
python/dfvfs  		Updated dfvfs for 20150303
pytho/dpkt		UP TO DATE - Version 1.8 merged with SBo
system/foremost		UP TO DATE - Version 1.5.7 merged with SBo
python/hachoir-core	UP TO DATE - Version 1.3.3 merged with SBo
python/hachoir-metadata UP TO DATE - Version 1.3.3 merged with SBo
python/hachoir-parser  	UP TO DATE - Version 1.3.4 merged with SBo
libraries/libbde 	Updated libbde for 20150204
libraries/libesedb	UP TO DATE - Version 20141110 merged with SBo
libraries/libevt	UP TO DATE - Version 20150105 merged with SBo
libraries/libevtx   	UP TO DATE - Version 20150105 merged with SBo
libraries/libewf        Updated libewf for 20150126
libraries/libfwsi	UP TO DATE - Version 20150124 merged with SBo
libraries/liblightgrep	UP TO DATE - Version 1.4 merged with SBo
libraries/liblnk	UP TO DATE - Version 20150105 merged with SBo
libraries/libmsiecf     Updated libmsiecf for 20150314
libraries/libolecf	UP TO DATE - Version 20150106 merged with SBo
libraries/libpff	UP TO DATE - Version 20131028 merged with SBo
libraries/libqcow	UP TO DATE - Version 20150105 merged with SBo
libraries/libregf	Updated libregf for 20150315
libraries/libsigscan  	Updated libsigscan for 20150125
libraries/libsmdev	UP TO DATE - Version 20150105 merged with SBo
libraries/libsmraw	UP TO DATE - Version 20150105 merged with SBo
libraries/libvhdi 	UP TO DATE - Version 20150110 merged with SBo
libraries/libvmdk	UP TO DATE - Version 20150105 merged with SBo
libraries/libvshadow	UP TO DATE - Version 20150106 merged with SBo
system/lzip		UP TO DATE - Version 1.16 merged with SBo
python/plaso		UP TO DATE - Version 1.2.0 merged with SBo
python/pyparsing	UP TO DATE - Version 2.0.3  merged with SBo
python/pytsk		UP TO DATE - Version 20150111 merged with SBo
system/sleuthkit	UP TO DATE - Version 2.0.3  merged with SBo
